Fix the documentation on modifying(resize) the images (#46)
Intervention/docs: image/v3/modifying/resizing.md

> public Image::scaleDown(?int $width, ?int $height): ImageInterface

> The method `scale()` resize the image and maintain the aspect ratio. While

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The method `scale()` resizes the image and maintains the aspect ratio. While
```
